Doc: Clarify CentOS 7 kernel upgrade and Cilium advance features (#20605)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/system_requirements.rst

.. _RancherOS: https://rancher.com/rancher-os/

.. [#centos_foot] CentOS 7 requires a third-party kernel provided by `ElRepo <http://elrepo.org/tiki/tiki-index.php>`_

>     whereas CentOS 8 ships with a supported kernel. Cilium features that require large BPF instruction set may not work with CentOS 7 because bpftool shipped with Cilium is not compatible with glibc version on CentOS 7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    whereas CentOS 8 ships with a supported kernel. Cilium features that require large BPF programs (eg. VTEP integration) may not work on CentOS 7, as the ``bpftool` version shipped with Cilium can't probe for ``HAVE_LARGE_INSN_LIMIT`` support due to an incompatibility with the ``glibc`` version on CentOS 7.
```

Does that sound correct @vincentmli ? I'd rather not say "large BPF **instruction set**" when we actually mean the program size.

Author: got it

>     whereas CentOS 8 ships with a supported kernel. Cilium features that require large BPF programs (eg. VTEP integration) may not work on CentOS 7, as the ``bpftool`` version shipped with Cilium can't probe for ``HAVE_LARGE_INSN_LIMIT`` support due to an incompatibility with the ``glibc`` version on CentOS 7.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can just make a more generic message and improve the base kernel requirements statements below.

```suggestion
    whereas CentOS 8 ships with a supported kernel. Note that some more advanced features may not be available on Centos 7 even with a third-party kernel. For full details on which kernel config options must be enabled in order to use various features, see the section on :ref:`admin_kernel_version` requirements below.
```
